CLI tool (init) (#22)
trailofbits/pypi-attestation-models: README.md

python -m pip install pypi-attestation-models
```

## Usage as a command line tool

````bash
python -m pypi_attestation_models --help
usage: pypi-attestation-models [-h] [-v] [-V] COMMAND ...

Sign, inspect or verify PEP 740 attestations generated for Python Packages

positional arguments:
  COMMAND        The operation to perform
    sign         Sign one or more inputs
    verify       Verify one or more inputs
    inspect      Inspect one or more inputs

options:
  -h, --help     show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose  run with additional debug logging; supply multiple times to 
                 increase verbosity (default: 0)
  -V, --version  show program's version number and exit
````

### Signing a package

```bash
# Generate a whl file
make package
python -m pypi_attestation_models sign dist/pypi_attestation_models-*.whl
```

> _Note_: This will open a browser window to authenticate with the Sigstore OIDC 
> provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: This will open a browser window to authenticate with the Sigstore OAuth 
flow.
```
